c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\ScreenCapture.exe.config
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\ScreenCapture.exe
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\ScreenCapture.pdb
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Contrib.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Cuda.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2012.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Shape.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Superres.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.VideoStab.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Contrib.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Cuda.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Shape.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Superres.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.VideoStab.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\obj\Debug\ScreenCapture.Form1.resources
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\obj\Debug\ScreenCapture.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\obj\Debug\ScreenCapture.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\obj\Debug\ScreenCapture.exe
c:\users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\obj\Debug\ScreenCapture.pdb
C:\Users\rlvillarreal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ScreenCapture\ScreenCapture\obj\Debug\ScreenCapture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
